New beta release for version 1.1.0.  And I forgot to mention, I
relabeled 1.0.2 to 1.1.0.  I figured the changes to the tools, with the
introduction of list-based scoping and filtering warranted a higher
version number change.

I tried to generate a distribution that didn't include Xalan or
Xerces and relied on what is provided by JDK 1.4.2, but I hit a wall
when it came to creating SAX readers.  Right now, I explicitly name a
reader class from Xerces, which allows me to use custom attributes to
trigger validation of the XML.  But this custom class is part of
Xerces while JDK 1.4.2 ships with Crimson; almost the same, but my
reader is not in there.  Once I had found the corresponding reader
class, the custom attributes didn't match, so I was stuck.  Changing
reader might lock the code into JDK 1.4.2, which I am still reluctant
to do.  People relying on prior version of the JDK should still be
able to just get the source, get Xerces and Xalan, and simply
recompile.

I also tried to package the documentation in a separate JAR file.
At one point, the main distribution file was about 800 KB instead of
the current 5+ MB, once Xalan and Xerces and the documentation were
removed.  But since I cannot get rid of Xerces and Xalan just yet,
I will wait a little longer before separating the documentation too.
Right now, the difference is not worth the added complexity of
downloading two files for people who want the documentation.
