Had a discussion with Russ Rufer, Tracy Bialik, and Gene Volovich on my recent
experiment combining decorator and visitor patterns.  Russ recommended that I
look at the code for [[http://asm.objectweb.org/][ASM]] where he saw a way to
combine visitors and graph traversal that he liked.  This might be inspirational
when I try to apply the same model to =com.jeantessier.classreader.Visitor=.

They also suggested that I could migrate Dependency Finder to ASM.  This way, I
wouldn't have to keep up with language developments.  I vaguely remember taking
a glance at ASM some time ago and finding it rather ugly.  Maybe it's worth
another look, if only to properly document why I don't like it.  :-)

Found
[[http://javaexpert.wordpress.com/2009/07/29/mac-os-x-java-6visualvm-and-setting-currentjdk-for-tomcat-and-other-app-servers/][instructions]]
for switching my MacBook Pro to JDK 1.6.

I was looking at =CodeDependencyCollector= and I noticed that some of the
=visit...()= methods were not calling their superclass counterparts like the
others.  They were:

    * =visitClass_info()=
    * =visitFieldRef_info()=
    * =visitMethodRef_info()=
    * =visitInterfaceMethodRef_info()=
    * =visitExceptionHandler()=

I couldn't think of a reason they should not call to =super=, so I fixed them.
They all end up calling to =VisitorBase= which has all no-ops anyway.  Strange,
nonetheless.  This brings me back to a paper I wrote years ago for my M.Sc. on
what I called
[[http://www.iro.umontreal.ca/~keller/Layla/inherited.pdf][Inherited Behavior]]
at the time.

Upgraded the following development components:

<blockquote>
<table>
    <tr>
        <td>JUnit</td>
        <td>:</td>
        <td>4.5</td>
        <td>-></td>
        <td>4.6</td>
    </tr>
</table>
</blockquote>

I also noticed that the new SourceForge layout has a large download button on
the project's home page and that it points to version *1.1.0-beta2*, which is
about 5 years old.  It took a while to track down how to change it to the latest
version, 1.2.1-beta1, and I don't know how long it will take for the change to
propagate all the way to the project's home page.  I don't know how long it's
been this way.  The download statistics at SourceForge show nothing for the last
week.  I hope it's just that their stats are down and not that nobody is
downloading Dependency Finder!
